1 (08/30/2021) 
1 In the beginning there was uncertainty. 2 And the universe had no form, and void; and we know not what was before deep time. And then, even in this uncertainty, there was pure energy and its children. 3 And in its birth, this energy produced immense heat, and light, and matter. 4 The energy whipped about wildly, without bounds or restriction, and it still does. 5 The energy could not be observed by the structures it built, it just was.  
6 In fathomable time, energy started touching other pieces of energy, and in this uncertainty, structure was built. 7 These structures evolved, grew, changed, and died away, on repeat. 8 This energy had no name, no direction, or hope.  
9 Uncertainty and the spaces it was birthing continued to expand and coalesce and it was good. 10 Subatomic particles formed elements and they joined together to create stability in the uncertainty. These elements built endless worlds -- built earth.  12 And in this lineage of events, the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was the surviving kin of its kin. 13 The Sun, rain, mountains, trees, creatures, and processes of Earth all feed one another and are children of energy and uncertainty.  
14 The earth rotated and continues to rotate with its sibling planets around this solar systems sun with a certain pull and push. They move together and independantly unique with the sequence of structures given to them by the first uncertainty. 15 They cannot exist without one another. 16 The sun drives the planets' weather, ocean currents, seasons, and climate and there are billions of suns like it. (09/09/2021) 17 And the light of the sun gives energy to the children so the structures may grow and rest in tandem, and it was good. 19 There are cycles in these uncertain structures, each moment.  
20 Materials flow abundantly over the surface of the planets, and create uniquely designed worlds. Earth, is nourished by water and is teaming with life and prospect and change. 21 In time, which is ever flowing and ever changing, uncertainty created more uncertainty. This gave us whales, and every living creature that moves, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl, after his kind: and it was good. 22 And as before, but in younger time, organisms started making copies, a likeness of themselves, for their existence was uncertain. 23 There are more cycles in these uncertain structures, each moment.  
24 Out of the water and light and earth, living creatures born of uncertainty breathed and mimicked and hungered and passed on. 25 Every beast and creeping thing was made of energy, and it was good. 26 Copies multiplied with uncertainty and knowledge of one another and energy and, in time, man evolved in this chain, and it was good. 26 Man was made in uncertainty's image, after everything that passed before its' likeness; and they have no more dominion over the world than the fish in the sea, or the fowl of the air, or the cattle on the earth, or any creeping thing that hugs tightly to the ground. 27 Man's energy has always existed, even in deep time. 28 In the sinew of the universe, uncertainty was and is fruitful, and multiplicative, and replenishing, and wild: man, nor fish, nor fowl, or any living thing has dominion over uncertainty. 29 The energy is shared in every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, and in every rock. 30 Wherein there is life, there is energy, connection, and uncertainty. 31 Everything made, and beheld, and born is very good.  


2 (09/11/2021)  
1 This energy within you is the heavens and is part of the earth and original energy of the universe. 2 And so this is how all was made. 3 And all of it is structured, and random, everchanging, and good.  
4 There are generations and generations of creation and death and creation, 5 and every plant and creature has come and gone in its time. 6 Rivers have roved, matured and rejuvenated the land and eventually become one with the ocean. 7 On earth, ancestral vertebrates were born in the ocean. 8 From the before time, during the initial violence of this world - meteorite bombardment, magma oceans, and planetary catastrophy, energy had already created Eden. 9 This world is filled with gardens with all kinds of beautiful trees and fruits. Some of these trees bear fruit that man may eat and others provide food for other creatures. These gifts are marks of uncertainty and adaptation and change.  
10 Out of this quasi-spherical Eden, rivers, born from the veins of mountains and the condensed matter in the ocean and sky, erode the banks of the shifting Earth, transport sediment to the opposite side of the world, and continue the legacy of change from the original uncertainty. 11 The first rivers of Earth have given themselves to uncertainty and are unknown and unnamed, but their presence lingers in the Nile, Colorado, Meuse, Susquehanna, Tigris, and Euphrates rivers. 12 The rocks of the earth hold elements that were formed from the original uncertainty; gold, silver, and onyx. 13 The rivers of all lands, now Ethiopia, and Assyria, the Americas, Siberia, the Steppe, and the Indonesian coast, are good and are part of Eden. 15 Uncertainty is part of man, and we are a part of Eden. 16 Of every tree of the garden you may eat freely, 17 but there are actions and consequences that will come to pass with each choice, and it is good.  
18 Man has never been alone. 19 Every beast of the field, every fowl of the air, every water breather, and every human is connected to one another through the original energy, and it is good. 20 These creatures of structure and connection are nameless, for each one is a a new cycle of all that came before it. 21 Each creature adapts in the next rhythm of uncertainty and changes form again and again. Anew. 22 All that is in man - elements, atoms, and cells, is made of the original energy, as are all the creatures, trees, rocks, and sun. 23 All of these are of one another, electron to electron, proton to proton: they are called energy since they are of the same origin. 24 They are of one universal flesh. 25 Everything is naked, and fragile, and not to be shameful, for it is all good.  


3 (09/12/2021)  
1 All creatures desire survival due to the nature of the original uncertainty. One may ask themselves, "Which direction should I choose? What will be the outcome of one or the other?" 2 The responsive voices inside each creature often debates amongst themselves with the information that they are given. Eventually a decision is made within all creatures that leads to physical action in their perceived reality. Although, the action that sets their choice in motion had already occurred long before the individuals knew their choice. 3 Every creature makes suggestions to how one should act. They also  professes knowledge of the consequences of intended doings. 4 But they cannot predict this because they too are part of the original uncertainty. 5 When you choose to accept your choice, your eyes will be opened and you will be like gods, or pure energy, who know not the difference between good and evil, for it simply is or is not. 6 If it is pleasing to the eyes or the stomach or the mind, consume it and share it with others, for they will find community in your joy. 7 Then the eyes of all energy's children will dissolve and they will be naked to the universe; and it will be good.  
8 There will be armies amongst you that you will hide from, from fear of their judgement. 9 They will find you, unabashed by your fear, and ask, "Who are you?" 10 And you will explain yourself. 11 Then they will ask in return,"How have you came to that conclusion?" 12 And you may or may not defend your existence, though your existence and reason has always been known since the first uncertainty - because. 13 And they will ask you, "What have you done?" 14 And your doing will be uncertain to them, as well as yourself, so is the way.  

14 And some may have come so far, as they have to declare:  
Because you have done this,  
cursed are you  
among all the animals, tame or wild;  
On your belly you shall crawl,  
and dust you shall eat  
all the days of your life.  
15 I will put enmity in your community;  
They will strike at your head,  
while you strike at their heel.  
They will also strike at their own head,  
while they strike at their own heel.  
For you are all made of energy,  
and are connected to one another.  

16 Hardship will rule over everything, and this is one way of the original uncertainty. 17 And because we have shared, eternal pain, we will fight one another. 18 You will always toil in your uncertainty as long as you try and control it, 19 until you perish and return to the ground, from which all was born. From dust you began, and to dust you shall return. It is good.  
20 Uncertainty is the mother and father of the living.  
21 All we have is born of uncertainty. 22 We are all alike from the very beginning, and you will live forever as energy, and it is good. 23 You will never be banished from Eden. 24 You are Eden.

4 (09/13/2021)  
1 All things biotically and atomically alive need one connection for survival. Connection is something that all things have experienced since the first moments of the structured, yet uncertain universe. The lineage of expansion, heat, and coelescing universe has brought us here, linked by billions of forms and strings of energy. Humans have learned to seemingly be without one another and survive on the larger societal structures that have been created in the time of man; relying on the faces of distilled objects rather than the faces of kin. 2 One person may be a caretaker, while another a farmer, and another something different still. These infinite possiblities are children of the original uncertainty. This uncertainty causes conflict when one narrows in on one form of energy. 3 We all bring energy to the collective - to ourselves, our family, our community, our society, our country, our world, our universe - and the sequence of uncertain events will continue and the energy will take a new shape, and they are all good. 4 Plans and expectations and intention will be undone by uncertainty. One may enjoy one offering of the universe and dislike another and feel cheated.  
6 And you will ask, since you are but a sequence of constructions within a matrix of perceptions of yourself, "Why am I angry? Why am I bound to this? 7 Whether I have done well or not, why am I not accepted? Why can I not control what I desire and feel?"  
8 You may ask one who is close to you how to be better or more whole, and what is told to you in return will be a small beholden understanding of the grand construction of the forever, or antiforever, network around you. You will die not having seen all of the pure energy in you that also exists at the far ends of the universe, in its equally uncertain form.  
  
5 (09/14/2021)  
1 This is the book of the geneology of You. From the moment that energy was created You were made in the likeness of all of energy's enterprise. 2 (09/15/2021) All is changeable, adaptable, and perishable. 3 You will live and then you may transform into something of a similar likeness, a child perhaps. 4 You will live and then die to become something else of a more abstract structure, yet in essence, still a similar likeness. 5 And all that came before you will be an evolution leading to you. 6 And all that comes after you will learn from your structure. 7 This form of yours will die, but the energy of you will not be lost. 8 Energy can neither be created nor destroyed.  

6  
1 Now it came to pass, as all things do, that man and beast and plant began to multiply and divide and fractionate and square off into disparate communities. 2 They are all beautiful and good in their similarities as well as their differences.  
3 Uncertainty reminds us again of finiteness and change - and that we are flesh. 4 There were and will be giants amongst all colonies that will lead or follow or change. They too are made of flesh. 5 This flesh is not wicked, it is driven with intent and care and want and energy. 6 You will grieve the desires of others and they will grieve yours - every human and beast and creeping thing and fowl and fish. 7 If one is against them, they will be against us. 8 If one is for them, they are for us.  
9 This is the genealogy of us. We are organisms, perfect in our generations of uncertainty. 10 Hunted. Fed. Survived. Loved. 11 The earth is filled with uncertainty that dons the guise of violence and separation. 12 Yet, there is always connection, and this is always good.

13 The earth is filled with violence in its mountain building, volcanoes, tornados, tsunamis, cyclones, earthquakes, and floods. This is its way.  This is the small, wonderful, and passionate world you were born into. 14 And here you can make yourself a home and create a space, and it will be remarkable unto you - as every other space is in the universe. 15 The earth is yours and all the space that is in it. 16 Make sure you can witness the sky in the light of day, and the stars by the darkness of night wherever you are. 17 And also take time to behold the most violent agents of the earth; the ocean and the land. Learn from them, for they are both wild and changing. Both entirely giving, and yet, uncertain. 18 But here we establish covenant with ourselves and each other with the knowledge that everything on the earth shall die. 19 And so shall all you know in one way or another.  

7  (09/20/2021)
1 If you believe yourself to be other or different than others, you will shut yourself off from your household and all within your generation. 2 You will take with you the objects and thoughts that make you feel safe, though they are all connected to that which you reject. 3 To feel like you are surviving you will block out that which hurts and keep that which appears to be clean and comforting. 4 Even having the things you want, you will still experience rain, for all is part of the original uncertainty. 5 All that you hold dear and all that you don't, which is good and complete in in all its forms, will always be and also cease to be as whatever energy it takes.  
6 It pains me too, that my children, lovers, family, and friends will do the same. 7 We shall pick from the offerings of the world around us and turn our eyes from those that are deemed contentious. 8 The rains will come to pass and the offerings we thought we accepted will be replaced by new offerings that we have yet to learn of. 9 And we will learn, and build more structures from the energy that we are connected to, 10 and we will learn again, as is the repetition of the energetic cycle.  
11 The waters will prevail - they will erode all surfaces and carry the debris downstream to another place to be deposited for immediate or later use. 12 The rain will give life and death to all that moved beneath it: every bird, cattle, beast, creeping thing, and every man. 13 And it cannot be stopped, and this is good.  

8 (09/21/2021)  
1 Every living thing is with you, breathing, existing, moving, connecting. 2 The plants understand inevitible change and rebirth.  The frogs understand inevitible change and rebirth.  The bees understand inevitible change and rebirth.  The birds understand inevitible change and rebirth.  The fish understand inevitible change and rebirth.  Man understand inevitible change and rebirth. 3 Before your memory, you were within something else, someone else. They held a life, much like your own. They smiled. And cried. 4 And bled, and before that, the same - again. 4 The mountain you may find within yourself, should you look far enough is monumentous. And the mountain that you are building, is monumentous. 5 It will be passed on every moment. 6 Everything in the universe is made up of matter and energy. 7 It can be transferred, and converted in form, but neither created nor destroyed any more than ever has been.  

8 “While the earth remains,  
Seedtime and harvest,  
Cold and heat,  
Winter and summer,  
And day and night  
Shall not cease.”  

**9** (09/22/2021)  
1 The universe is a blessing, and you are divinely succinct. So, be fruitful and fill the earth with all that moves you. 2 And let there be no fear between you and any other beast of the earth or bird of the air or any creeping thing or fish in the sea. You are all holding hands and hooves and wings and fins together. 3 You are food for one another. A symbiosis of married energies, acknowledgement, and familiarity. 4 You will eat on anothers flesh and supplement on one anothers blood. 5 You will take many organisms lives, both plant and animal, but you will also be consumed by them in the end. 6 The way energy of the universe requires the life of man to be tranferred and transposed like any other object or matter.  

(09/24/2021)  
7 Man was made in uncertainty's image, after everything that passed before its' likeness, so be fruitful and multiply with uncertain intention in whatever form of energy you take, for it is all good. 8 Energy's covenant with you is eternal and our covenant with everything we touch is also thus - 9 with your descendents and those of the birds, the cattle, and every beast of earth near and far. 10 And again, here, we establish covenant with ourselves and each other.  
11 Speak to yourself and your energy. 12 This _is_ the sign of the covenant which is secured between me,  you, and every living creature that _is_ with you, for perpetual generations: 13 Look, see the prisms of reflected light in the clouds, it shall ever be a sign of the covenant between all things. 14 Observe the sky and its billions and billions of stars, it will be proof of the covenant between all forms of energy. 15 Catch each day, and regard the movement of all that is both new and as old as deep time. 16 Take in each birth and death, for it shall ever be a sign of the covenant given to us by the first uncertainty. 17 Look forth and remember the everlasting covenant between you and me and all things unseen and seen.  
18 From the first and only covenant, the whole universe was populated, 19 which was colonized by change and possibility. Violence. Nakedness. Strife. Structures anew. Broken networks. Rebuilt fabrics. Endlessness. 20 Here you dwell in the domicile of earth, but your energy is far larger than you can conceive.  

**10**
1 This is the geneology of you. 2 Energy. 3 More energy. 4 Uncertainty. 4 Connection. 5. Anisotropy. 6 Expansion. 7 Movement. 8 Redefined paradigms. 9 Coelescence 10. Separation - by survival, language, families, and nations. 11 But you are of the same nation, same family, same base language, and same energy as all before, behind, above, beneath, and beside you.

**11** (09/28/2021)  
1 The whole universe has always had one language and one speech. 2 It is only when networks divided, split off and expanded, stretching over billions of fathoms of space and millenia, did a conscious perception of difference form. Structures on top of structures eventually hid the first syntax. 3 From one infinitesimal point to another, there has been continuous building and restructuring and growth and change. This uncertainty has built our homes on this earth and in our minds. 4 Without prompting, energy , which birthed the elements of the universe, built Eden, which we dwell and contribute to every part of.  
(10/05/2021) 5 You have and will contribute to the buildings of cities, and your children will see the results of your work. 6 And all things, despite their differences, are one and they all have a language to use to communicate. Now is still just the beginning. And nothing you or anything conceived is impossible. 7 Come, let us not quarrel and confuse one another over subtle differences in our speech and movement. 8 Let not our scattering over the surface of the entire earth keep us from loving and hurting together in building this nameless city. 9 For we are not singularly building a city, or planet, or galaxy, or universe but a vast collection of connectivity and change.  

**12**  
1 Now, this life of yours is fragile. Everything is fragile and finite and which is what makes all unique and beautiful. Every moment anew. Every organism is being born, and blooming, and then dying away. All at once. Every rock is crumbling, compressing, crystallizing, and moving. All moves. All changes. All energy is dynamically resolved to pass by quickly through its powdery, pastel dawns and ablazely desperate dusks.  

So, leave your country,  
and your relatives,  
and your house,  
and go see the land which regards you.  
2 The world welcomes your eager eyes,  
and asks for nothing.  
Your explorations will bless you abundantly,  
and you will be beheld by all you behold as well,  
and you shall be a blessing as well,  
3 The universe blesses your existence,  
for it was so hard to get to you,
and all the extensions and families of you.  

4 You won't be able to stop yourself, for it is in your nature to change and depart, as directed by the nature of the original energy. 5 You can take your possessions, and the people you have designed a life with along the way, or not, but they to will change and wither and pass on. You will set out to unknown lands that are homes to others and they will come to your former home and take your place. 6 You may pass through the land as far as your will will take you to a peoples seemingly unlike your own. 7 Be not deceived by the masks incumbering true connection and oneness with those of similar sinew. 8 Cross mountains with them, build an alter to your friendship and familyship, and accept that it will fall away too. Pitch your tent and look to the west and the east and call on your brothers and sisters to praise all that is given and taken around you. 9 Then journey on. Again and again you will do this, and it will be good.  

**13** (10/06/2021)  
1 In your youth, you may have trodded your home and yard. Then, as you grew, you became accustomed to your village and nearby forests. And in the bravery of your curious mind, you may have ventured further to lands unknown to you. Perhaps you even felt drawn to these mysterious places by an unknown longing. And so you submitted to them - and left. 2. To forge new connections and learn in your innocent unknowing. This is the gift of uncertainty and change.  
2 You may be extremely rich or incredibly impoverished, and you will still journey forth. As far as your volition may take you. 3 From the place you pitched your tent in the beginning, 4 to the place you built your first altar, 5 and further to the space where your face turned to the sky and ardently cried out for absolution; your fingers clinging to the earthen soil. 6 But, much frenzied energy exists in you and around you. For you are a creature containing flocks of memories both familiar and unfamiliar to you, and herds of prayer that has sustained your grazing and water needs, and shelters of safety in the land that grows and changes around you.  
7 All castes will experience disunity and quarrelling which will not be overcome without empathetic acceptance. 8 Let there be no strife between you and me, between your herdmen and my herdmen; for we are all brethren of the original energy and are closer in our structural similarity than other networks of the universe. 9 Is not the whole land before you? Let us share and work together in symbiosis. All you take from me is a gift, and I will take from you your gifts, and we will flow together across this world. (10/07/2021) 10 Let us make sure that everything around us flourishes and that that is perceived is not seen as something destroyed but instead as something that is tranformed and anew as a new energy iteration.  
11
